chore: Update DEV_SETUP.md to change recommended python versions (#12790)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: DEV_SETUP.md

1. Confirm that `nvs` selected the proper version of Node.js to use
2. Tell `pyenv` to use Python 3.7

> 3. If you aren't seeing `python --version` for an M1 Mac outputing the right value, try running `pyenv init` then run `pyenv local 3.7.15` and see if it works this time when you select `python -version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `python --version` to confirm your chosen version. If you get the incorrect version and you're using an Apple silicon Mac, try running `pyenv init` and then `pyenv local 3.7.15`. Then check `python --version` again.
```
You don't have to take this whole suggestion, but at least get the double dash flag on `python --version` at the very end. `python -version` will produce an error.

"Apple silicon" is to future-proof. We already have M1 and M2 and we can't list all the Ms forever into the future.
